Actors: Admin, Player

UC Tournament Creation:
The admin creates the tournament, setting its name, start and end date

UC Team Creation:
The admin creates a bettable team, setting its name

UC Team Tournament assignment;
PRE tournament is selected
The admin assigns a bettable team to a tournament, setting its sheep price for the tournament

UC Phase Creation:
PRE tournament is selected
The admin creates a tournament phase, setting its type, name, number, wallet

UC Bettable Creation:
PRE tournament T is selected, T phase is selected
The admin creates a bettable event for the selected phase, setting the teams involved and its start date & time.
If the start date and time is in the future, the bettable state is set to OPEN

UC Tournament Publishing:
PRE tournament is selected
The admin opens the tournament to bettors. The tournament's web-site is created, an invitation e-mail wih the link is sent
to the registered bettors (+ filtering +), and possibly to additional bettor candidates

UC Bettor creation:
A wannabe-bettor registers to the Betty application, setting its email address, password and pseudo.

UC bettor login:
A registered bettor logs-in to Betty using its pseudo or email address and password.
The tournaments to which he is registered are listed.
POST bettor logged-in

UC tournament selection:
PRE bettor logged-in
The bettor selects a tournament from those to which he has registered.
POST Tournament selected

UC Tournament registration:
PRE bettor logged-in
Betty selects the open tournaments
The bettor selects the open tournament into which he wants to participate (automatic selection if only one tournament opened)
The bettor wallet is credited with the Tournament's setup wallet.

UC BTeam setup:
The admin creates a BTeam and assigns some registered bettors to it

UC The Bettor sets up its sheep livestock
PRE bettor logged in, OPEN tournament T selected,
The Bettor buys sheep. Its wallet is debited accordingly

UC Bet:
PRE bettor logged-in, OPEN tournament T selected
The bettor enters its bet for any of the OPEN available T bettable

UC Tournament status:
PRE bettor logged-in, OPEN tournament T selected
The bettor choose 'tournament status' from the available actions.
The tournament's bettable are listed in accordance with their status

UC Tournament ranking:
PRE bettor logged-in, OPEN tournament T selected
The bettor choose 'tournament ranking' from the available actions.
The tournament's current bettor ranking is listed.

UC The tournament starts:
Five minutes before the start of the first bettable of a tournament T, T state is set to RUNNING

UC A bettable starts:
Five minutes before the start of a bettable, its state is set to RUNNING

UC The admin registers a bettable score after its completion:
PRE RUNNING tournament T selected, RUNNING bettable selected
The admin registers the final score of the bettable. The bettable is set to CLOSED.
The bettor ranking is re-computed.

UC The admin corrects a bettable score after its completion:
PRE RUNNING tournament T selected, CLOSED bettable selected
The admin corrects the final score of the bettable.













